When I was in my bachelor's degree, I thought about changing my major.
I almost every week, I think, and I kind of did. I just didn't do it
like I didn't follow the paperwork, but in my mind, I changed my major
at least eight times. Um, so I really wasn't even settled on psychology
until the very end of my bachelor's degree. Pretty much, um
And then when I was in, um, in my PhD program, I remember I almost
left. After a couple of years. I was just It was hard and I was over
it, and I was living in a place that was very different from any place
I've ever lived before. So I was on the East Coast. It was winter,
it was cold and I was done. And so I remember talking with a friend
of my mentor who was like a recruiter for biotech companies. And
he said, So are you ready to quit and open a restaurant? And I was like,
How did you know? And he's like because everybody gets to that
point S O. I was like, OK, so I ended up staying on. But then even then,
after I got my PhD. I was planning to go into the pharmaceutical
industry because one of my, you know, main areas of studies is pharmaceuticals
or psychopharmacology. How drugs affect the brain and behavior.
And so my plan was to go into the pharmaceutical industry and
kind of work on that type of research. Um, and then I ended up getting
a job in academic position and ended up falling in love with it.
So I mean, all throughout my career, I have changed and changed and
changed and changed.